 DSA PART-1
1. Write an if statement that checks if a number is greater than 5.
2. Write an if statement that checks if a string is emply.
3. Write an if-else statement that checks if a number is even or odd.
4. Write a for loop that prints the numbers 1 to 10.
5. Write a for loop that prints the even numbers between 1 and 10.
6. Write a for loop that prints the odd numbers between 1 and 10.
7. Write a function that takes in two numbers and returns their sum.
8. Write a function that takes in a string and returns the length of the string.
9. Write a function that takes in an array and returns the length of the array.
10. Write a function that takes in an object and returns the number of properties in the object.

 DSA PART-2
 1. Write a function that takes in a number and returns true if the number is even and return  false if it is an odd.
2. Write a function that takes in a string and returns true if the string is emply.false otherwise.
3. Write a function that takes in an array and returns true if the array is emply.false otherwise.
4. Write a function that takes in an object and returns true if the object is emply.false otherwise.
5. Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the sum of the numbers.
6. Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns the length of the longest string.
7. Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns the number of objects that have a specific property.
8. Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns a new array with each number multiplied by 2.
9. Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns a new array with each string captilized.
10. Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns a new array with only the objects that have a specific property.
11. Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns the number of objects

 DSA Questions Part-3
1. Write a function that takes in a number and returns the factorial of that number.
2. Write a function that takes in a string and returns the string reversed.
3. Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the average of the numbers.
4. Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns a new array with each string reversed.
5. Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns a new array with the values of a specific property.
6. Write a function that takes in a number and returns true if the number is prime, false otherwise.
7. Write a function that takes in a string and returns true if the string is a palindrome, false otherwise.
8. Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the largest number in the array.
9. Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns the shortest string in the array.
10. Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns the object with the highest value of a specific property.

 DSA Questions Part-4
1 Write a function that takes in a number and returns a new array with all the prime numbers up to that number.
2 Write a function that takes in a string and returns a new string with all the vowels removed.
3 Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns a new array with all the numbers sorted in ascending order.
4 Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns a new array with all the strings sorted in alphabetical order.
5 Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns a new array with all the objects sorted by a specific property.
6 Write a function that takes in a number and returns the Fibonacci sequence up to that number.
7 Write a function that checks if a number is positive or negative.
8 Write a function that checks if a string is empty or not.
9 Write a function that returns the length of a given string.
10 Write a function that returns the sum of two given numbers.
11 Write a function that returns the product of two given numbers.
12 Write a function that finds the maximum of two given numbers.
13 Write a function that finds the minimum of two given numbers.
14 Write a function that checks if a given number is even or odd.
15 Write a function that checks if a given number is a multiple of 3.
16 Write a function that checks if a given number is a multiple of 5.

 DSA Questions Part-5
1. Write a function that checks if a given number is a multiple of both 3 and 5.
2. Write a function that checks if a given number is prime.
3. Write a function that finds the sum of all numbers from 1 to a given number.
4. Write a function that finds the product of all numbers from 1 to a given number.
5. Write a function that checks if a given string, is a palindrome.
6. Write a function that finds the reverse of a given string.
7. Write a function that finds the factorial of a given number.
8. Write a function that checks if a given string contains a given substring.
9. Write a function that removes all vowels from a given string.
10. Write a function that checks if a given string is a pangram (contains every letter of the alphabet).
11. Write a function that removes duplicate characters from a given string.
12. Write a function that sorts an array of numbers in ascending order.
13. Write a function that sorts an array of numbers in descending order.
14. Write a function that finds the maximum number in an array of numbers.
15. Write a function that finds the minimum number in an array of numbers.
16. Write a function that calculates the average of an array of numbers.
17. Write a function that checks if an array of numbers is sorted in ascending order.
18. Write a function that checks if an array of numbers is sorted in descending order.
19. Write a function that finds the sum of all numbers in an array of numbers.
20. Write a function that finds the product of all numbers in an array of numbers.

 DSA Questions Part-6
1. Write a function that finds the factorial of a given number using recursion.
2. Write a function that checks if a given number is a power of two.
3. Write a function that checks if a given number is a power of three.
4. Write a function that checks if a given number is a power of 10.
5. Write a function that checks if a given number, is a perfect square.
6. Write a function that checks if a given number, is a perfect cube.
7. Write a function that finds the square root of a given number.
8. Write a function that finds the cube root of a given number.
9. Write a function that converts a string to uppercase.
10. Write a function that converts a string to lowercase.
11. Write a function that converts a string to title case(capatilize the first letter of each character).
12. Write a function that finds the length of the longest word in a given string.
13.Write a function that reverses the words in a given string.
14. Write a function that capitalizes the first letter of each word in a given string.
15. Write a function that finds the median of an array of numbers.